1. Some termonologies
Node.js-> Node.js is a free, open-source, cross-platform which allows us run JavaScript outside the web browser.
    Helps us create servers, web apps, command line tools and scripts.
CLI-> Command Line Interface(terminal)

2. Importing modules:
Firstly, a readline module is imported which takes input from the user and also shows output in the console.
An interface named createInterface is created to connect the program with the console.
input: process.stdin means the program will take input from the keyboard.
output: process.stdout means the program will show output on the screen (console).

3. Creating array of objects named employees which holds details of the employees:
Each object stores details like name(employee name) and id(employee id).
We have pre-initialized some entries of employees such as name:Nutan, id:E101.

4. Function menu():
This function shows a menu to the user with four options: 
    1-Add employee
    2-List employee
    3-Remove employee
    4-exit
Then asks the user to enter a choice. If users choice is 1, program calls addEmployee() function.
If users choice is 2, program calls listEmployee() function.
If users choice is 3, program calls removeEmployee() function.
If users choice is 4, program calls rl.close() function which stops the execution.

5. addEmployee()
Asks the user to enter name and ID of the employee.
Then it creates a new object with details {name, id} and add it to employee array.
At the end of the function it shows a message that Employee is added successfully.

6.listEmployees()
Prints the details of all the existing and newly added employees.
After listing returns to main menu.

7.removeEmployee()
Asks the user for the employee id which is need to be removed.
Uses the filter method to keep all employees whose ID does not match the entered ID.
Shows a message that the employee with ID <id> is removed.
And then returnss to main menu.

LEARNING OUTCOMES
How to build a simple Employee Management System using Node.js.
How to use the readline module for user input.
How to implement Add, List, and Remove operations in an array.
How to interact with the client(in this case CLI).